Listen, man. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be real with you for a second. Well, not real, totally real, but a little bit dramatic, but I don't know if I could don't know if I can make it to the other side. You know what I mean? It's just I don't know. It's just I don't know. Alright. It's just I don't know. I'm just not feeling it. I'm just not feeling it. It doesn't feel like, I don't know. It doesn't feel like the Facebook Claude business is gonna do anything. It's You know, I get okay. We have more people to reach out to, but it's just, like, I don't know, man. It's just disheartening. Like, I You know, our prices are high. People don't wanna pay, but even the prices, like, even with all the prices, we're living in this fucking universe of, like, all the traffic we're selling. We don't know what the fuck we're selling. Right? We don't know what the fuck we're selling. Half of it might be trash. So even if we fucking, like, even though, like, the small chance we, like, get a fucking deal, like, what are the chances that the the traffic actually works? Do you know what I mean? It's like, you it's like, it's like there's so many levels of, of fuck shit here. It's bullshit. It's like I don't know. And it's so it's just I don't know. It's just It just feels like, it feels like this time of, I don't know, feels like this time of my life is ending and, And, yeah, I don't know what's I don't know what's next. You know? I I don't I feel like I don't I'm not skilled enough And I'm not a coder. Right? You know, I can make some shit, but, like, I don't know. I I I You know, I I you know, I'm not a coder. Right? I can't make anything crazy. Right? Can't make anything. Fuck it. I just watched this, cool movie thing that this guy made don't know if he made it by himself or what, but now it's like if it's actually fucking insane. Right? For somebody to make that, it's like for individual to make it insane. You know? I know and obviously, and it was, like, 4 years ago that he made this crazy fucking movie thing and it's like so good. It's like animated stuff. Always been, like, a little bit interested in that type of thing. But it's been like I remember back in the day, I mean, so many years ago, feel like so many years I've tried or started so many things, and we never end up down any of these roads. You know? And if I would've you know, it's like if I would've stuck with you know, I've I've learned about, like, 3 d animation existing years ago. But I you know, how do you how do you you know, is it Maya? 3 d Maya or whatever? I I learned about these random things existing. And, you know, I learned I remember coding. I'm I used to be super into coding, man. Back in the day 2016, 2018, man. Like, can you imagine if I would've just kept going with that shit? I would've just kept on going. Even if I would've kept going from a year ago with React, when I started learning couple you know, was it a year ago or 2 years ago now? But if I had kept on going with that, I would've be a fucking god at this point. Right? You know what I mean? That's a long time to get experience in a fucking language. I'll be really good And but I didn't. Right. Even if I would've been making clothes, I would be really good. It's like it's like a content, really anything, and it's just But I hip hop, and that's my thing. That's my thing. And, I love it. I I I hate it. It's my worst, it's my worst it's my worst, my worst characteristic, and it's, you know, it's also, in many ways, Sometimes my favorite, you know, but you know, if there wasn't any economic pressures, then who gives a shit? Right? I don't know. Who gives a shit? If there wasn't the pressure of time, who gives a shit? If there wasn't the responsibility and the pressure of other people that more or less, they're not relying on you. But, you know, if if you fail as a team, you fail. Right? And that's your part of that. Right? A business. And it's just, you know, It's just, you know, And the tools that I have, the tools that you know, I'm looking at it, look at it. You know, you get some you know, here it is. Like, you know, I get some distance from the tools that I made just a little bit of headroom. And you realize, like, this isn't, you know, this isn't nobody we don't need this. Alright. Don't need this. You know? We don't need it. We we need Sales. We need somebody to be in the chats 247 in the DMs, in the perm in the private messages, fucking making relationships with people and pushing. Know? That's what we need. We don't need We don't need Yeah. We don't we don't need, something else. We don't need, You know, look at look at this this stuff. I mean, it's really cool to make and it's fun to make I love making it out, and I wanna make the better version. I wanna make the but at the end of the day, like, the business is gonna end in a fucking month, like, 2 months if we don't change things up, if we don't push, if we don't have a have a, you know, really different traffic and are able to get some deals. Like, it's not gonna work. It doesn't matter. You know? It just doesn't work. So it's just it's it's, I don't know. I mean, so I'm I'm complaining about work right now or the idea of work but it's like, it's not about, man, it's just I'm crust what is a crust falling? It's a word, $5 crestfallen. Like that word. That's a that's a word from the books. I used to read crestfallen. I don't even know what it I know it means like sad or something. It means like disappointed. Crest fallen. I don't know. I feel crest fallen right now. I feel crest fallen. I don't know. And the girl, I just don't I don't know. I don't care about her. I don't know. The girl that's coming on Sunday. I mean, you know what's a shame? There's a part about it that's just a little weird. It's just you know what I'm nervous about? I mean, I'm I'm nervous that I just I know I'm not even nervous about it because I think this is the Claude. Like, I'm like, like, I'm nervous. It's the same way, like, when we went out together that that one day weeks iOS, It works. It's not weeks ago. It was literally like a week ago, but time feels like a fucking it's like I'm just afraid that I just I don't want to don't know. I don't wanna play along. I don't wanna participate, man. I don't know if it's depression. I don't know what it is. I'm just like, but I don't wanna participate. You know, I don't wanna go out with this girl. I don't wanna go out to do things whether I don't want to have fun with her. I just, what I would like to do is, like, shut everything down. Alright? I'd love to shut everything down. Right. Shut everything down. Get a job teaching English, you know, forget every making everybody forget me and start teaching English and, and work on my my apps that you know, on my projects that no one cares about and no one will use and because who gives a shit because they'll probably give up on those fucking apps. Halfway through those things anyway. So I don't know. Yeah. It's just it's just a little bit I don't know how I got to feel. So I'm just gonna go back and you know, continue Right. Just gonna go back. Just gonna go back in there. And continue. Like, fighting Right? And then go back in there and continue fighting. But Why don't you what what am I even fighting for, man? I don't I don't know. What am I even fighting for? Who what am I doing this? I I don't know. I don't know. But I'm still I'm you know? I'm trying. I don't know. I'm trying. You know? I'm I feel I I'm Isaac, I I I I say that I'm trying. I think that I'm trying, but, I mean, am I trying? I don't know. But I'm I'm Doing things sometimes, and that's what I can say. I'm literally doing some things but I can't even say, you know, the the full amount of effort. I think, you know, because my brain, it just my my heart, my I don't know. My body just is, like, it's just shutting down whenever I'm fucking just sending these messages, man. It just shuts down. It's just And it's not about the you know, again, I mean, I don't know. I don't wanna blame the job. I don't wanna blame the work because I don't think it's related to the job or the work. I think it's just me, man. Over time, I just get fucking tired of shit. And I wanna fucking you know? I just I don't wanna I I don't know. I don't wanna do it. I wanna lay down, and I wanna sleep for fucking 10 days. Then I wanna fucking know? Watch some bullshit. I wanna watch anime for fucking 5 of those days, and then and then on the other end, maybe I'll, you know, I'll see something in the anime, and I'll get I'll I'll Let me look at 3. Let me look at look at look at drawing. And I'll draw for, like, a day or a week and I'll even meditate. You know? I'll get back into it. Blah blah blah anyway you can look at this. I don\u2019t know if it feels it feels pretty sad. I feel pretty sad and that is what it is so life is life.